SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 26 (#11382)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/index.md

  
 The following illustration shows the output for the preceding [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_xaml](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-xaml-md.md)] markup and code-behind.  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows the message from the preceding code example.](./media/index/messagebox-text-output.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A message box saying "You clicked the ellipse!"](./media/index/messagebox-text-output.png)  
```

  
 ![Illustration showing the different WPF brushes and paint elements.](./media/index/brushes-paint-elements.png)  
  
 For more information, see [WPF Brushes Overview](wpf-brushes-overview.md). For an introductory sample, see [Brushes Sample](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=159973).  
  
<a name="rendering"></a>   
## 3-D Rendering  
 [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wpf](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wpf-md.md)] provides a set of [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_3d](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-3d-md.md)] rendering capabilities that integrate with [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_2d](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-2d-md.md)] graphics support in [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wpf](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wpf-md.md)] in order for you to create more exciting layout, [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_ui](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-ui-md.md)], and data visualization. At one end of the spectrum, [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wpf](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wpf-md.md)] enables you to render [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_2d](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-2d-md.md)] images onto the surfaces of [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_3d](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-3d-md.md)] shapes, which the following illustration demonstrates.  
  

>  ![Screenshot showing a visual 3-D sample.](./media/index/visual-three-dimensional-shape.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot of a sample showing 3-D shapes with different textures.](./media/index/visual-three-dimensional-shape.png)  
```
